I'd love to get beauty and confidence
and just the look that at 62 I should
have you're 62 I'm 62 and soon 63
I have no talent here six months seven
years I did a lot of pride
before the parade
passes by
I've ever had
so I think it's true
life without life has no reason you're
right
because I'm
at the very end of the scanning of
black on the outer corner that's a
little bit more depth and drama glamour
if you get a little bit too yeah yeah it
brings up that outer corner of the eye
we're talking about
passes by I'm gonna go when taste
Saturdays on life for the parade
I'm gonna get back to my life I'm just
so excited thank you so much it's a
fabulous exciting adventure of the
transformation from what could have been
- it is oh I'd love to get beauty and
confidence and just the look that at 62
Asian camerea when I started I thought
blue this know I'm just gonna end up
looking like all the young colors on an
old face it was a routine just putting
everything together
I felt very